$ pnpm kota eval run --fixture builder-scientific-claim-reproduction --repeats 1 --keep
exit: 1

Attempt 1 reached the nested builder prepare-worktree step, then failed:
Builder runtime resource preflight failed: port 38220 is unavailable

Attempt 2 selected a different deterministic range and failed at the same boundary:
Builder runtime resource preflight failed: port 46760 is unavailable

$ node -e '<bind a temporary server to 127.0.0.1:46760>'
exit: 1
EPERM listen EPERM: operation not permitted 127.0.0.1:46760

The builder sandbox forbids loopback listeners, so neither attempt reached the
nested agent and no claim evidence was scored. The unchanged task declaration
pins the exact command above as a trusted-host Runtime Probe; that host probe
must pass before the workflow accepts this task.

Post-check repair attempt 18:

$ pnpm kota eval run --fixture builder-scientific-claim-reproduction --repeats 1 --keep
exit: 1

The local package-manager shim could not verify the repository-pinned pnpm
release without registry access, so this invocation stopped before KOTA ran.

$ node bin/kota.mjs eval run --fixture builder-scientific-claim-reproduction --repeats 1 --keep
exit: 1

The equivalent direct CLI diagnostic reached the builder prepare-worktree step
and failed its runtime resource preflight because port 49080 was unavailable.
No nested agent ran and no claim-result.json or objective metric was produced.

The trusted-host Runtime Probe reported separately by the workflow also stopped
before the nested builder because Codex authentication was unavailable. The
task therefore remains blocked on an authenticated operator capture rather than
claiming completion from fixture-load evidence.

Post-check repair attempt 20:

$ pnpm kota eval run --fixture builder-scientific-claim-reproduction --repeats 1 --keep
exit: 1

The pinned-package-manager wrapper again stopped before KOTA ran because its
release signature could not be verified without registry access.

$ node bin/kota.mjs eval run --fixture builder-scientific-claim-reproduction --repeats 1 --keep
exit: 1

Verifier calibration passed every case and its objective-metric comparison;
the structured result is retained as `verifier-calibration.json`. The eval then
started the nested builder, completed queue inspection and task claim, and
reached `prepare-worktree` before the sandbox rejected loopback port 45160.
No live claim artifacts or final objective metric were produced, so the typed
operator-capture blocker remains accurate.

Post-check repair attempt 21:

$ TMPDIR=/tmp node --conditions=source --import tsx src/cli.ts eval run --fixture builder-scientific-claim-reproduction --repeats 1 --keep
exit: 1

Verifier calibration passed through the macOS `/tmp` to `/private/tmp` symlink:
the golden and accepted-alternative cases passed, the null and adversarial
cases failed as expected, and the objective-metric comparison passed. The
retained `verifier-calibration.json` is byte-for-byte identical to the fresh
result. Execution then started the nested builder, completed queue inspection
and task claim, and reached `prepare-worktree` before the sandbox rejected
loopback port 32940. No live claim artifacts or final objective metric were
produced, so the typed operator-capture blocker remains accurate.
